---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerstore_host Data Source - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Host DataSource
---

# powerstore_host (Data Source)

Host DataSource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the host instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the host.

### Read-Only

- `host` (Attributes List) List of hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host))

<a id="nestedatt--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the host.
- `host_connectivity` (String) Connectivity type for hosts.
- `host_connectivity_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to host connectivity.
- `host_group_id` (String) Associated host group, if host is part of host group.
- `host_virtual_volume_mappings` (Attributes List) Virtual volume mapping details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host--host_virtual_volume_mappings))
- `id` (String) The ID of the host.
- `import_host_system` (Object) Details about an import host system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host--import_host_system))
- `initiators` (Attributes List) Initiator instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host--initiators))
- `mapped_hosts` (Attributes List) Details about a configured host or host group attached to a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host--mapped_hosts))
- `name` (String) Name of the host.
- `os_type` (String) Operating system of the host.
- `os_type_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to OS type.
- `type` (String) Type of hosts.
- `type_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to type
- `vsphere_hosts` (Attributes List) List of the vsphere hosts that are associated with this host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host--vsphere_hosts))

<a id="nestedatt--host--host_virtual_volume_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host.host_virtual_volume_mappings`

Read-Only:

- `host_id` (String) Unique identifier of a host attached to a virtual volume.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of a mapping between a host and a virtual volume.
- `virtual_volume_id` (String) Unique identifier of the virtual volume to which the host is attached.


<a id="nestedatt--host--import_host_system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host.import_host_system`

Read-Only:

- `agent_address` (String)
- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--host--initiators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host.initiators`

Read-Only:

- `chap_mutual_username` (String) Username for CHAP authentication.
- `chap_single_username` (String) Username for CHAP authentication.
- `port_name` (String) The port name, one of: IQN, WWN, or NQN..
- `port_type` (String) Protocol type of the host initiator.


<a id="nestedatt--host--mapped_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host.mapped_hosts`

Read-Only:

- `host_id` (String) Unique identifier of a host attached to a volume.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of a mapping between a host and a volume.
- `volume_id` (String) Unique identifier of the volume to which the host is attached.


<a id="nestedatt--host--vsphere_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host.vsphere_hosts`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the vsphere_host instance.
- `name` (String) User-assigned name of the ESXi host in vCenter.


