docs/data-sources/nfs_export.md, before:

---
# Copyright (c) 2025 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powerstore_nfs_export data source"
linkTitle: "powerstore_nfs_export"
page_title: "powerstore_nfs_export Data Source - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This datasource is used to query the existing NFS Exports from a PowerStore Array. The information fetched from this datasource can be used for getting the details for further processing in resource block.
---

# powerstore_nfs_export (Data Source)

This datasource is used to query the existing NFS Exports from a PowerStore Array. The information fetched from this datasource can be used for getting the details for further processing in resource block.

> **Note:** `id` and `filter_expression` cannot be used with any other attribute. `name` and `file_system_id` can be used together.

## Example Usage

```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2025 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

# commands to run this tf file : terraform init && terraform apply --auto-approve

# fetching all NFS exports on the array
data powerstore_nfs_export all_nfs_exports {
}

# fetching NFS export using id
data powerstore_nfs_export nfs_export_by_id {
  id = "67974f74-6688-b677-9d08-5692f12c6aa4"
}

# fetching NFS exports using name
data powerstore_nfs_export nfs_export_by_name {
  name = "nfs-export-1"
}

# fetching all NFS exports from a filesystem
data powerstore_filesystem us_east_sales_catalog {
  name = "us-east-sales-catalog"
  lifecycle {
      postcondition {
        condition     = length(self.filesystems) == 1
        error_message = "error: US East sales catalog filesystem list length should be 1, received: ${length(self.filesystems)}"
      }
    }
}

data powerstore_nfs_export nfs_export_by_filesystem {
  file_system_id = data.powerstore_filesystem.us_east_sales_catalog.filesystems[0].id
}

# name and filesystem_id filters can be used together
data powerstore_nfs_export nfs_export_by_filesystem_and_name {
  file_system_id = data.powerstore_filesystem.us_east_sales_catalog.filesystems[0].id
  name          = "nfs-export-1"
}

# fetching NFS exports using filter expression
# here, we are fetching all NFS exports of subdirectories of /us-east-revenue/sports_cars
# with min_security as Sys and default_access as Root
data powerstore_nfs_export nfs_export_by_name_regex {
  filter_expression = "path=ilike./us-east-revenue/sports_cars/*&min_security=eq.Sys&default_access=eq.Root"
}

output "nfs_exports_with_name_regex" {
  value = data.powerstore_nfs_export.nfs_export_by_name_regex.nfs_exports
}
```

After the successful execution of above said block, We can see the output by executing `terraform output` command. Also, we can fetch information via the variable: `data.powerstore_nfs_export.nfs_export_by_name_regex.attribute_name` where attribute_name is the attribute which user wants to fetch.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `file_system_id` (String) The ID of the file system whose NFS Exports are to be fetched. Conflicts with `id` and `filter_expression`.
- `filter_expression` (String) PowerStore filter expression to filter NFS exports by. Conflicts with `id`, `name` and `file_system_id`.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the NFS export to be fetched. Conflicts with `name`, `file_system_id` and `filter_expression`.
- `name` (String) Name of the NFS export to be fetch. Conflicts with `id` and `filter_expression`.

### Read-Only

- `nfs_exports` (Attributes List) List of NFS exports fetched from PowerStore array. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nfs_exports))

<a id="nestedatt--nfs_exports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nfs_exports`

Read-Only:

- `anonymous_gid` (Number) The GID (Group ID) of the anonymous user. This is the group ID of the anonymous user. The anonymous user is the user ID (UID) that is used when the true user's identity cannot be determined.
- `anonymous_uid` (Number) The UID (User ID) of the anonymous user. This is the user ID of the anonymous user. The anonymous user is the user ID (UID) that is used when the true user's identity cannot be determined.
- `default_access` (String) The default access level for all hosts that can access the NFS Export. The default access level is the access level that is assigned to a host that is not explicitly Seted in the 'no_access_hosts', 'read_only_hosts', 'read_only_root_hosts', 'read_write_hosts', or 'read_write_root_hosts' Sets. Valid values are: 'No_Access', 'Read_Only', 'Read_Write', 'Root', 'Read_Only_Root'.
- `description` (String) A user-defined description of the NFS Export.
- `file_system_id` (String) The unique identifier of the file	system on which the NFS Export is created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the NFS Export.
- `is_no_suid` (Boolean) If Set, do not allow access to Set SUID. Otherwise, allow access.
- `min_security` (String) The NFS enforced security type for users accessing the NFS Export.
- `name` (String) The name of the NFS Export.
- `nfs_owner_username` (String) The default owner of the NFS Export associated with the datastore. For NFSv3 or NFSv4 without Kerberos, the default owner is root.
- `no_access_hosts` (List of String) List of hosts with no access to this NFS export or its snapshots.
- `path` (String) The local path of the filesystem exported via the NFS Export.
- `read_only_hosts` (List of String) List of Read-Only hosts
- `read_only_root_hosts` (List of String) List of Read-Only, allow Roots hosts
- `read_write_hosts` (List of String) List of Read-Write hosts
- `read_write_root_hosts` (List of String) List of Read-Write, allow Root hosts

Commit message:

Doc: Adding subcategory to resources and datasources + example changes (#149)
* Adding subcategory to resources and datasources

* Restructuring examples and writing changelog

* Addressing comments

* Adding example of sharing filesystem snapshot over smb and nfs

* Separated File and block storgae categories

docs/data-sources/nfs_export.md, after:

---
# Copyright (c) 2025 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powerstore_nfs_export data source"
linkTitle: "powerstore_nfs_export"
page_title: "powerstore_nfs_export Data Source - powerstore"
subcategory: "File Storage Management"
description: |-
  This datasource is used to query the existing NFS Exports from a PowerStore Array. The information fetched from this datasource can be used for getting the details for further processing in resource block.
---

# powerstore_nfs_export (Data Source)

This datasource is used to query the existing NFS Exports from a PowerStore Array. The information fetched from this datasource can be used for getting the details for further processing in resource block.

> **Note:** `id` and `filter_expression` cannot be used with any other attribute. `name` and `file_system_id` can be used together.

## Example Usage

```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2025 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

# commands to run this tf file : terraform init && terraform apply --auto-approve

# fetching all NFS exports on the array
data powerstore_nfs_export all_nfs_exports {
}

# fetching NFS export using id
data powerstore_nfs_export nfs_export_by_id {
  id = "67974f74-6688-b677-9d08-5692f12c6aa4"
}

# fetching NFS exports using name
data powerstore_nfs_export nfs_export_by_name {
  name = "nfs-export-1"
}

# fetching all NFS exports from a filesystem
data powerstore_filesystem us_east_sales_catalog {
  name = "us-east-sales-catalog"
  lifecycle {
      postcondition {
        condition     = length(self.filesystems) == 1
        error_message = "error: US East sales catalog filesystem list length should be 1, received: ${length(self.filesystems)}"
      }
    }
}

data powerstore_nfs_export nfs_export_by_filesystem {
  file_system_id = data.powerstore_filesystem.us_east_sales_catalog.filesystems[0].id
}

# name and filesystem_id filters can be used together
data powerstore_nfs_export nfs_export_by_filesystem_and_name {
  file_system_id = data.powerstore_filesystem.us_east_sales_catalog.filesystems[0].id
  name          = "nfs-export-1"
}

# fetching NFS exports using filter expression
# Please refer to the guides section for filter expression syntax
# here, we are fetching all NFS exports of subdirectories of /us-east-revenue/sports_cars
# with min_security as Sys and default_access as Root
data powerstore_nfs_export nfs_export_by_name_regex {
  filter_expression = "path=ilike./us-east-revenue/sports_cars/*&min_security=eq.Sys&default_access=eq.Root"
}

output "nfs_exports_with_name_regex" {
  value = data.powerstore_nfs_export.nfs_export_by_name_regex.nfs_exports
}
```

After the successful execution of above said block, We can see the output by executing `terraform output` command. Also, we can fetch information via the variable: `data.powerstore_nfs_export.nfs_export_by_name_regex.attribute_name` where attribute_name is the attribute which user wants to fetch.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `file_system_id` (String) The ID of the file system whose NFS Exports are to be fetched. Conflicts with `id` and `filter_expression`.
- `filter_expression` (String) PowerStore filter expression to filter NFS exports by. Conflicts with `id`, `name` and `file_system_id`.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the NFS export to be fetched. Conflicts with `name`, `file_system_id` and `filter_expression`.
- `name` (String) Name of the NFS export to be fetch. Conflicts with `id` and `filter_expression`.

### Read-Only

- `nfs_exports` (Attributes List) List of NFS exports fetched from PowerStore array. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nfs_exports))

<a id="nestedatt--nfs_exports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nfs_exports`

Read-Only:

- `anonymous_gid` (Number) The GID (Group ID) of the anonymous user. This is the group ID of the anonymous user. The anonymous user is the user ID (UID) that is used when the true user's identity cannot be determined.
- `anonymous_uid` (Number) The UID (User ID) of the anonymous user. This is the user ID of the anonymous user. The anonymous user is the user ID (UID) that is used when the true user's identity cannot be determined.
- `default_access` (String) The default access level for all hosts that can access the NFS Export. The default access level is the access level that is assigned to a host that is not explicitly Seted in the 'no_access_hosts', 'read_only_hosts', 'read_only_root_hosts', 'read_write_hosts', or 'read_write_root_hosts' Sets. Valid values are: 'No_Access', 'Read_Only', 'Read_Write', 'Root', 'Read_Only_Root'.
- `description` (String) A user-defined description of the NFS Export.
- `file_system_id` (String) The unique identifier of the file	system on which the NFS Export is created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the NFS Export.
- `is_no_suid` (Boolean) If Set, do not allow access to Set SUID. Otherwise, allow access.
- `min_security` (String) The NFS enforced security type for users accessing the NFS Export.
- `name` (String) The name of the NFS Export.
- `nfs_owner_username` (String) The default owner of the NFS Export associated with the datastore. For NFSv3 or NFSv4 without Kerberos, the default owner is root.
- `no_access_hosts` (List of String) List of hosts with no access to this NFS export or its snapshots.
- `path` (String) The local path of the filesystem exported via the NFS Export.
- `read_only_hosts` (List of String) List of Read-Only hosts
- `read_only_root_hosts` (List of String) List of Read-Only, allow Roots hosts
- `read_write_hosts` (List of String) List of Read-Write hosts
- `read_write_root_hosts` (List of String) List of Read-Write, allow Root hosts
