---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerstore_protectionpolicy Data Source - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ProtectionPolicy DataSource.
---

# powerstore_protectionpolicy (Data Source)

ProtectionPolicy DataSource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the protection policy.
- `name` (String) Protection policy name.

### Read-Only

- `policies` (Attributes List) List of protection policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Protection policy description.
- `file_systems` (Attributes List) Specifies the virtual volumes associated with a protection policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--file_systems))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the protection policy.
- `is_read_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether this protection policy can be modified.
- `is_replica` (Boolean) Indicates if this is a replica of a protection policy on a remote system
- `managed_by` (String) Entity that owns and manages this instance.
- `managed_by_id` (String) Unique identifier of the managing entity based on the value of the managed_by property
- `managed_by_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to managed_by
- `name` (String) Protection policy name.
- `performance_rules` (Attributes List) Specifies the performance rule associated with a protection policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--performance_rules))
- `replication_rules` (Attributes List) Specifies the replication rule associated with a protection policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--replication_rules))
- `snapshot_rules` (Attributes List) Specifies the snapshot rule associated with a protection policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--snapshot_rules))
- `type` (String) Type of the protection policy.
- `type_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to type
- `virtual_machines` (Attributes List) Specifies the virtual machines associated with a protection policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--virtual_machines))
- `volume_groups` (Attributes List) Specifies the volume group associated with a protection policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--volume_groups))
- `volumes` (Attributes List) Specifies the volumes associated with a protection policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--file_systems"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.file_systems`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the file system.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the file system.
- `name` (String) Name of the file system.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--performance_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.performance_rules`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier representing a performance rule.
- `io_priority` (String) The I/O priority for quality of service rules.
- `name` (String) Name of the performance rule.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--replication_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.replication_rules`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the replication rule.
- `name` (String) Name of the replication rule.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--snapshot_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.snapshot_rules`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the snapshot rule.
- `name` (String) Snapshot rule name.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--virtual_machines"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.virtual_machines`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the virtual machine.
- `instance_uuid` (String) UUID instance of the VM in vCenter.
- `name` (String) User-assigned name of the VM in vCenter.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--volume_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.volume_groups`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description for the volume group.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the volume group.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume group.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.volumes`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the volume.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the volume instance.
- `name` (String) The name of the volume


