---
# Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powerstore_replication_rule data source"
linkTitle: "powerstore_replication_rule"
page_title: "powerstore_replication_rule Data Source - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This datasource is used to query the existing replication rule from PowerStore array. The information fetched from this datasource can be used for getting the details for further processing in resource block.
---

# powerstore_replication_rule (Data Source)

This datasource is used to query the existing replication rule from PowerStore array. The information fetched from this datasource can be used for getting the details for further processing in resource block.

## Example Usage

{{tffile "/root/akash/terraform-provider-powerstore/examples/data-sources/powerstore_replication_rule/data-source.tf"}}

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the replication rule. Conflicts with `name`.
- `name` (String) Name of the replication rule. Conflicts with `id`.

### Read-Only

- `replication_rules` (Attributes List) List of replication rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--replication_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_rules`

Read-Only:

- `alert_threshold` (Number) The alert threshold for the replication rule.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the replication rule. Conflicts with `name`.
- `is_read_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether the replication rule is read-only.
- `is_replica` (Boolean) Indicates whether the replication rule is a replica.
- `managed_by` (String) The entity that manages the replication rule.
- `managed_by_id` (String) The ID of the managing entity.
- `name` (String) Name of the replication rule. Conflicts with `id`.
- `policies` (Attributes List) The protection policies associated with the replication rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_rules--policies))
- `remote_system` (Attributes) The remote system associated with the replication rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_rules--remote_system))
- `remote_system_id` (String) The ID of the remote system associated with the replication rule.
- `replication_session` (Attributes List) The replication session associated with the replication rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_rules--replication_session))
- `rpo` (String) The RPO (Recovery Point Objective) of the replication rule.

<a id="nestedatt--replication_rules--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_rules.policies`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the protection policy.
- `name` (String) The name of the protection policy.


<a id="nestedatt--replication_rules--remote_system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_rules.remote_system`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the remote system.
- `name` (String) The name of the remote system.


<a id="nestedatt--replication_rules--replication_session"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_rules.replication_session`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the replication session.
- `state` (String) The state of the replication session.