---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerstore_snapshotrule Data Source - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SnapshotRule DataSource
---

# powerstore_snapshotrule (Data Source)

SnapshotRule DataSource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the snapshot rule instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the snapshot rule.

### Read-Only

- `snapshot_rules` (Attributes List) List of snapshot rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshot_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--snapshot_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshot_rules`

Optional:

- `days_of_week` (List of String) The days of the week when the snapshot rule should be applied.

Read-Only:

- `days_of_week_l10n` (List of String) Localized message array corresponding to days_of_week
- `desired_retention` (Number) The Desired snapshot retention period in hours to retain snapshots for this time period.
- `id` (String) The ID of the snapshot rule.
- `interval` (String) The interval of the snapshot rule.
- `interval_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to interval
- `is_read_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether this snapshot rule can be modified.
- `is_replica` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is a replica of a snapshot rule on a remote system.
- `managed_by` (String) The entity that owns and manages the instance.
- `managed_by_id` (String) The unique id of the managing entity.
- `managed_by_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to managed_by.
- `name` (String) Name of the snapshot rule.
- `nas_access_type` (String) The NAS filesystem snapshot access method for snapshot rule.
- `nas_access_type_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to nas_access_type.
- `policies` (Attributes List) List of the protection policies that are associated with the snapshot_rule.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshot_rules--policies))
- `time_of_day` (String) The time of the day to take a daily snapshot, with format hh:mm.
- `timezone` (String) The time zone identifier for applying the time zone to the time_of_day for a snapshot rule.
- `timezone_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to timezone.

<a id="nestedatt--snapshot_rules--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshot_rules.policies`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the protection policy.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the protection policy.
- `name` (String) Name of the protection policy.


