---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerstore_volumegroup Data Source - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VolumeGroup DataSource.
---

# powerstore_volumegroup (Data Source)

VolumeGroup DataSource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the volume group.
- `name` (String) Volume group name.

### Read-Only

- `volume_groups` (Attributes List) List of volume groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--volume_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume_groups`

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) The time at which the volume group was created.
- `description` (String) Volume group description.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the volume group.
- `is_importing` (Boolean) Indicates whether the volume group is being imported.
- `is_protectable` (Boolean) This is a derived field that is set internally.
- `is_replication_destination` (Boolean) Indicates whether this volume group is a replication destination.
- `is_write_order_consistent` (Boolean) For a primary or a clone volume group, this property determines whether snapshot sets of the group will be write order consistent.
- `location_history` (Attributes List) Storage resource location history. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume_groups--location_history))
- `migration_session` (Object) Properties of a migration session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume_groups--migration_session))
- `migration_session_id` (String) Unique identifier of the migration session assigned to the volume group when it is part of a migration activity.
- `name` (String) Volume group name.
- `placement_rule` (String) This is set during creation, and determines resource balancer recommendations.
- `protection_data` (Object) Specifies the ProtectionData associated with a volume group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume_groups--protection_data))
- `protection_policy` (Object) Specifies the Protection Policy associated with a volume group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume_groups--protection_policy))
- `protection_policy_id` (String) Unique identifier of the protection policy assigned to the volume group.
- `type` (String) Type of volume.
- `type_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to type
- `volumes` (Attributes List) List of the volumes that are associated with this volume_group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume_groups--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--volume_groups--location_history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume_groups.location_history`

Read-Only:

- `from_appliance_id` (String) Unique identifier of the appliance from which the volume was relocated.
- `to_appliance_id` (String) Unique identifier of the appliance to which the volume was relocated.


<a id="nestedatt--volume_groups--migration_session"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume_groups.migration_session`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--volume_groups--protection_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume_groups.protection_data`

Read-Only:

- `source_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--volume_groups--protection_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume_groups.protection_policy`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--volume_groups--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume_groups.volumes`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the volume.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the volume instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume.


