---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerstore_volume Data Source - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  .
---

# powerstore_volume (Data Source)

.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the volume instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume.

### Read-Only

- `volumes` (Attributes List) List of volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes`

Read-Only:

- `app_type` (String) The app type of the volume.
- `app_type_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to app type
- `app_type_other` (String) The app type other of the volume.
- `appliance` (Object) Specifies the Appliance associated for a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--appliance))
- `appliance_id` (String) Unique identifier of the appliance on which the volume is provisioned.
- `capacity_unit` (String) The Capacity Unit corresponding to the size.
- `creation_timestamp` (String) The creation timestamp of the volume.
- `datastores` (Attributes List) Specifies the Datastores for a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--datastores))
- `description` (String) The description of the volume.
- `host_group_id` (String) The host group id of the volume.
- `host_id` (String) The host id of the volume.
- `id` (String) The ID of the volume.
- `is_host_access_available` (Boolean) Indicates whether the volume is available to host
- `is_replication_destination` (Boolean) Indicates whether this volume is a replication destination.
- `location_history` (Attributes List) Specifies the LocationHistory for a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--location_history))
- `logical_unit_number` (Number) The current amount of data written to the volume
- `logical_used` (Number) Current amount of data used by the volume.
- `mapped_volumes` (Attributes List) Specifies the MappedVolumes associated with a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--mapped_volumes))
- `metro_replication_session_id` (String) Unique identifier of the replication session assigned to the volume
- `migration_session` (Object) Specifies the MigrationSession associated for a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--migration_session))
- `migration_session_id` (String) Unique identifier of the migration session assigned to the volume
- `name` (String) Name of the volume.
- `nguid` (String) The nguid of the volume.
- `node_affinity` (String) The node affinity of the volume.
- `node_affinity_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to node affinity
- `nsid` (Number) The nsid of the volume.
- `performance_policy_id` (String) The performance policy assigned to the volume.
- `protection_data` (Object) Specifies the ProtectionData associated with a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--protection_data))
- `protection_policy` (Object) Specifies the protection policy associated for a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--protection_policy))
- `protection_policy_id` (String) The protection policy assigned to the volume.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume.
- `state` (String) The state of the volume.
- `state_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to state
- `type` (String) The type of the volume.
- `type_l10n` (String) Localized message string corresponding to type
- `volume_group_id` (String) The volume group id of the volume.
- `volume_groups` (Attributes List) Specifies the VolumeGroup for a volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--volume_groups))
- `wwn` (String) The wwn of the volume.

<a id="nestedatt--volumes--appliance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.appliance`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `service_tag` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--datastores"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.datastores`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the datastore instance.
- `instance_uuid` (String) UUID instance of the datastore in vCenter.
- `name` (String) User-assigned name of the datastore in vCenter.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--location_history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.location_history`

Read-Only:

- `from_appliance_id` (String) Unique identifier of the appliance from which the volume was relocated.
- `migrated_on` (String) Time when the storage resource location changed.
- `to_appliance_id` (String) Unique identifier of the appliance to which the volume was relocated.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--mapped_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.mapped_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of a mapping between a host and a volume.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--migration_session"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.migration_session`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--protection_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.protection_data`

Read-Only:

- `source_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--protection_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.protection_policy`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--volume_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.volume_groups`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description for the volume group.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the volume group.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume group.


