docs/index.md, before:

---
# Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

listIgnoreTitle: true
weight: 1
title: "powerstore provider"
linkTitle: "Provider"
page_title: "powerstore Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provider for PowerStore
---

# powerstore Provider

Provider for PowerStore

## Example Usage

provider.tf
```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

terraform {
  required_providers {
    powerstore = {
      version = "1.2.0"
      source  = "registry.terraform.io/dell/powerstore"
    }
  }
}

provider "powerstore" {
  username = var.username
  password = var.password
  endpoint = var.endpoint
  insecure = true
  timeout  = var.timeout
}
```

variables.tf
```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

variable "username" {
  type        = string
  description = "Stores the username of PowerStore host."
}

variable "password" {
  type        = string
  description = "Stores the password of PowerStore host."
}

variable "timeout" {
  type        = string
  description = "Stores the timeout of PowerStore host."
}

variable "endpoint" {
  type        = string
  description = "Stores the endpoint of PowerStore host. eg: https://10.1.1.1/api/rest"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint` (String) IP or FQDN of the PowerStore host
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the PowerStore host.
- `username` (String) The username of the PowerStore host.

### Optional

- `insecure` (Boolean) Boolean variable to specify whether to validate SSL certificate or not.
- `timeout` (Number) The default timeout value for the Powerstore host.

Commit message:

Add Powerflex Provider Enviorment Vars
- Add Powerflex Env Variables

docs/index.md, after:

---
# Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

listIgnoreTitle: true
weight: 1
title: "powerstore provider"
linkTitle: "Provider"
page_title: "powerstore Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provider for PowerStore
---

# powerstore Provider

Provider for PowerStore

## Example Usage

provider.tf
```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

terraform {
  required_providers {
    powerstore = {
      version = "1.2.0"
      source  = "registry.terraform.io/dell/powerstore"
    }
  }
}

provider "powerstore" {
  username = var.username
  password = var.password
  endpoint = var.endpoint
  insecure = true
  timeout  = var.timeout

  ## Provider can also be set using environment variables
  ## If environment variables are set it will override this configuration
  ## Example environment variables
  # POWERSTORE_USERNAME="username"
  # POWERSTORE_PASSWORD="password"
  # POWERSTORE_ENDPOINT="https://yourhost.host.com/api/rest"
  # POWERSTORE_INSECURE="false"
  # POWERSTORE_TIMEOUT="120"
}
```

variables.tf
```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

variable "username" {
  type        = string
  description = "Stores the username of PowerStore host."
}

variable "password" {
  type        = string
  description = "Stores the password of PowerStore host."
}

variable "timeout" {
  type        = string
  description = "Stores the timeout of PowerStore host."
}

variable "endpoint" {
  type        = string
  description = "Stores the endpoint of PowerStore host. eg: https://10.1.1.1/api/rest"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `endpoint` (String) IP or FQDN of the PowerStore host. This can also be set using the environment variable POWERSTORE_ENDPOINT
- `insecure` (Boolean) Boolean variable to specify whether to validate SSL certificate or not. This can also be set using the environment variable POWERSTORE_INSECURE
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the PowerStore host. This can also be set using the environment variable POWERSTORE_PASSWORD
- `timeout` (Number) The default timeout value for the Powerstore host. This can also be set using the environment variable POWERSTORE_PASSWORD
- `username` (String) The username of the PowerStore host. This can also be set using the environment variable POWERSTORE_USERNAME
