---
# Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powerstore_filesystem resource"
linkTitle: "powerstore_filesystem"
page_title: "powerstore_filesystem Resource - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource is used to manage the file system entity of PowerStore Array. We can Create, Update and Delete the file system using this resource. We can also import an existing file system from PowerStore array.
---

# powerstore_filesystem (Resource)

This resource is used to manage the file system entity of PowerStore Array. We can Create, Update and Delete the file system using this resource. We can also import an existing file system from PowerStore array.


## Example Usage

{{tffile "/root/newworkspace2/terraform-provider-powerstore/examples/resources/powerstore_filesystem/resource.tf"}}

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the file system.
- `nas_server_id` (String) Unique identifier of the NAS Server on which the file system is mounted.
- `size` (Number) Size that the file system presents to the host or end user.

### Optional

- `access_policy` (String) File system security access policies.
- `capacity_unit` (String) The Capacity Unit corresponding to the size.
- `config_type` (String) File system security access policies.
- `description` (String) File system description.
- `file_events_publishing_mode` (String) State of the event notification services for all file systems of the NAS server.
- `flr_attributes` (Attributes) Type of filesystem: normal or snapshot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flr_attributes))
- `folder_rename_policy` (String) File system folder rename policies for the file system with multiprotocol access enabled.
- `host_io_size` (String) Typical size of writes from the server or other computer using the VMware file system to the storage system.
- `is_async_mtime_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether asynchronous MTIME is enabled on the file system or protocol snaps that are mounted writeable.
- `is_smb_no_notify_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether notifications of changes to directory file structure are enabled.
- `is_smb_notify_on_access_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether file access notifications are enabled on the file system.
- `is_smb_notify_on_write_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether file writes notifications are enabled on the file system.
- `is_smb_op_locks_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether opportunistic file locking is enabled on the file system.
- `is_smb_sync_writes_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the synchronous writes option is enabled on the file system.
- `locking_policy` (String) File system locking policies.
- `protection_policy_id` (String) Unique identifier of the protection policy applied to the file system.
- `smb_notify_on_change_dir_depth` (Number) Lowest directory level to which the enabled notifications apply, if any.

### Read-Only

- `file_system_type` (String) Type of filesystem: normal or snapshot.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the file system.
- `parent_id` (String) Unique identifier of the parent filesystem.

<a id="nestedatt--flr_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flr_attributes`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) The FLR type of the file system.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "/root/newworkspace2/terraform-provider-powerstore/examples/resources/powerstore_filesystem/import.sh"}}