---
# Copyright (c) 2023 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
#
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powerstore_host resource"
linkTitle: "powerstore_host"
page_title: "powerstore_host Resource - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Host resource
---

# powerstore_host (Resource)

Host resource

~> **Note:** `name`, `os_type` and `initiators` are the required attributes to create.
~> **Note:** `os_type` cannot be updated.
~> **Note:** `port_name` and `port_type` are required attributes for `initiators`.
~> **Note:** `chap_single_password` must be present when `chap_single_username` is given and vice-versa.
~> **Note:** `chap_mutual_password` must be present when `chap_mutual_username` is given and vice-versa.

## Example Usage

{{tffile "examples/resources/powerstore_host/resource.tf"}}

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `initiators` (Attributes Set) Parameters for creating or adding initiators to host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initiators))
- `name` (String) Name of the host. This should be unique across all hosts in the cluster.
- `os_type` (String) Operating system of the host. This cannot be updated

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the host.
- `host_connectivity` (String) Connectivity type for hosts and host groups.

### Read-Only

- `host_group_id` (String) Associated host group, if host is part of host group.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the host.

<a id="nestedatt--initiators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initiators`

Required:

- `port_name` (String) IQN name aka address or NQN name for NVMEoF port types.
- `port_type` (String) Protocol type of the host initiator.

Optional:

- `chap_mutual_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for CHAP authentication. This value must be 12 to 64 UTF-8 characters. This password cannot be queried. CHAP password is required when the cluster CHAP mode is mutual authentication.
- `chap_mutual_username` (String) Username for CHAP authentication. This value must be 1 to 64 UTF-8 characters. CHAP username is required when the cluster CHAP mode is mutual authentication.
- `chap_single_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for CHAP authentication. This value must be 12 to 64 UTF-8 characters. This password cannot be queried. CHAP password is required when the cluster CHAP mode is single authentication.
- `chap_single_username` (String) Username for CHAP authentication. This value must be 1 to 64 UTF-8 characters. CHAP username is required when the cluster CHAP mode is single authentication.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

{{codefile "shell" "examples/resources/powerstore_host/import.sh"}}