docs/resources/hostgroup.md, before:

---
# Copyright (c) 2023 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powerstore_hostgroup resource"
linkTitle: "powerstore_hostgroup"
page_title: "powerstore_hostgroup Resource - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  HostGroup resource
---

# powerstore_hostgroup (Resource)

HostGroup resource


## Example Usage

```terraform
# Commands to run this tf file : terraform init && terraform plan && terraform apply
# Create, Update, Delete is supported for this resource
# To import , check host_group_import.tf for more info
# name and host_ids are the required attributes to create and update
# description is the optional attribute
# To check which attributes of the host resource can be updated, please refer Product Guide in the documentation

resource "powerstore_hostgroup" "test" {
  name        = "test_hostgroup"
  description = "Creating host group"
  host_ids    = ["42c60954-ea71-4b50-b172-63880cd48f99"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The host group name.

### Optional

- `description` (String) An optional description for the host group.
- `host_connectivity` (String) Connectivity type for hosts and host groups.
- `host_ids` (Set of String) The list of host IDs to include in the host group.
- `host_names` (Set of String) The list of host names to include in the host group.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the host group.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Below are the steps to import host group :
# Step 1 - To import a host group, we need the id of that host group
# Step 2 - To check the id of the host group we can make use of host group datasource to read required/all host group ids. Alternatively, we can make Get request to host group endpoint. eg. https://10.0.0.1/api/rest/host_group which will return list of all host group ids.
# Step 3 - Add empty resource block in tf file.
# eg.
# resource "powerstore_hostgroup" "resource_block_name" {
  # (resource arguments)
# }
# Step 4 - Execute the command: terraform import "powerstore_hostgroup.resource_block_name" "id_of_the_hostgroup" (resource_block_name must be taken from step 3 and id must be taken from step 2)
# Step 5 - After successful execution of the command , check the state file
```

Commit message:

host group resource docs update

docs/resources/hostgroup.md, after:

---
# Copyright (c) 2023 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powerstore_hostgroup resource"
linkTitle: "powerstore_hostgroup"
page_title: "powerstore_hostgroup Resource - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  HostGroup resource
---

# powerstore_hostgroup (Resource)

HostGroup resource

~> **Note:** Exactly one of `host_ids` and `host_names` should be provided.
~> **Note:** `host_connectivity` can only be updated and it cannot be used while creating host group resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Commands to run this tf file : terraform init && terraform plan && terraform apply
# Create, Update, Delete is supported for this resource
# To import , check host_group_import.tf for more info
# name and host_ids are the required attributes to create and update
# description is the optional attribute
# To check which attributes of the host resource can be updated, please refer Product Guide in the documentation

resource "powerstore_hostgroup" "test" {
  name        = "test_hostgroup"
  description = "Creating host group"
  host_ids    = ["42c60954-ea71-4b50-b172-63880cd48f99"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The host group name.

### Optional

- `description` (String) An optional description for the host group.
- `host_connectivity` (String) Connectivity type for hosts and host groups.
- `host_ids` (Set of String) The list of host IDs to include in the host group. Conflicts with `host_names`.
- `host_names` (Set of String) The list of host names to include in the host group. Conflicts with `host_ids`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the host group.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Below are the steps to import host group :
# Step 1 - To import a host group, we need the id of that host group
# Step 2 - To check the id of the host group we can make use of host group datasource to read required/all host group ids. Alternatively, we can make Get request to host group endpoint. eg. https://10.0.0.1/api/rest/host_group which will return list of all host group ids.
# Step 3 - Add empty resource block in tf file.
# eg.
# resource "powerstore_hostgroup" "resource_block_name" {
  # (resource arguments)
# }
# Step 4 - Execute the command: terraform import "powerstore_hostgroup.resource_block_name" "id_of_the_hostgroup" (resource_block_name must be taken from step 3 and id must be taken from step 2)
# Step 5 - After successful execution of the command , check the state file
```
