
# powerstore_snapshot_rule (Resource)

Use this resource type to manage snapshot rules that are used in protection policies.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **days_of_week** (List of String) Days of the week when the rule should be applied. Applies
only for rules where the time_of_day parameter is set.
Values : Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday
- **days_of_week_l10n** (List of String) Localized message array corresponding to days_of_week
- **desired_retention** (Number) Desired snapshot retention period in hours. The system will retain snapshots for this time period, if space is available.
Minimum value : 0
Maximum value : 2147483647
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **interval** (String) Interval between snapshots. Either the interval parameter or the time_of_day parameter may be set. Setting one clears the other parameter.
Values : Five_Minutes, Fifteen_Minutes, Thirty_Minutes, One_Hour, Two_Hours, Three_Hours,
Four_Hours, Six_Hours, Eight_Hours, Twelve_Hours, One_Day
- **interval_l10n** (String) Localized message string corresponding to interval
- **is_replica** (Boolean) Indicates if this is a replica of a rule or policy on a remote
system that is the source of a replication session replicating
a resource to the local system.
Default : false
- **name** (String) Snapshot rule name. This property supports caseinsensitive filtering
- **resource_id** (String) Unique identifier of the snapshot rule.
- **time_of_day** (String) Time of the day to take a daily snapshot, with format "hh:mm" in 24 hour time format. Either the interval parameter or the time_of_day parameter will be set, but not both.
