docs/resources/volume.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerstore_volume Resource - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# powerstore_volume (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# powerstore_snapshotrule example

resource "powerstore_volume" "test" {
  name = "test_vol"
  size = 7516192768
  description = "Creating volume"
  host_id=""
  host_group_id=""
  appliance_id="A1"
  volume_group_id=""
  min_size=1048576
  sector_size=512
  protection_policy_id=""
  performance_policy_id="default_medium"
  app_type=""
  app_type_other=""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the volume.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume.

### Optional

- `app_type` (String) The app type of the volume.
- `app_type_other` (String) The app type other of the volume.
- `appliance_id` (String) The appliance_id of the volume.
- `capacity_unit` (String) The Capacity Unit corresponding to the size.
- `description` (String) The description of the volume.
- `host_group_id` (String) The host group id of the volume.
- `host_id` (String) The host id of the volume.
- `is_replication_destination` (Boolean) The is_replication_destination of the volume.
- `logical_unit_number` (Number) The current amount of data written to the volume.
- `logical_used` (Number) Current amount of data used by the volume.
- `min_size` (Number) The minimum size of the volume.
- `nguid` (String) The nguid of the volume.
- `node_affinity` (String) The node_affinity of the volume.
- `nsid` (Number) The nsid of the volume.
- `performance_policy_id` (String) The performance_policy_id of the volume.
- `protection_policy_id` (String) The protection_policy_id of the volume.
- `sector_size` (Number) The sector size of the volume.
- `state` (String) The state of the volume.
- `type` (String) The type of the volume.
- `volume_group_id` (String) The volume group id of the volume.
- `wwn` (String) The wwn of the volume.

### Read-Only

- `creation_timestamp` (String) The creation_timestamp of the volume.
- `id` (String) The ID of the volume.

Commit message:

Option to fetch attributes by name added in volume

docs/resources/volume.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powerstore_volume Resource - powerstore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# powerstore_volume (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# powerstore_snapshotrule example

resource "powerstore_volume" "test" {
  name = "test_vol"
  size = 7516192768
  description = "Creating volume"
  host_id=""
  host_group_id=""
  appliance_id="A1"
  volume_group_id=""
  min_size=1048576
  sector_size=512
  protection_policy_id=""
  performance_policy_id="default_medium"
  app_type=""
  app_type_other=""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the volume.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume.

### Optional

- `app_type` (String) The app type of the volume.
- `app_type_other` (String) The app type other of the volume.
- `appliance_id` (String) The appliance_id of the volume.
- `appliance_name` (String) The appliance name of the volume.
- `capacity_unit` (String) The Capacity Unit corresponding to the size.
- `description` (String) The description of the volume.
- `host_group_id` (String) The host group id of the volume.
- `host_group_name` (String) The host group name of the volume.
- `host_id` (String) The host id of the volume.
- `host_name` (String) The host name of the volume.
- `is_replication_destination` (Boolean) The is_replication_destination of the volume.
- `logical_unit_number` (Number) The current amount of data written to the volume.
- `logical_used` (Number) Current amount of data used by the volume.
- `min_size` (Number) The minimum size of the volume.
- `nguid` (String) The nguid of the volume.
- `node_affinity` (String) The node_affinity of the volume.
- `nsid` (Number) The nsid of the volume.
- `performance_policy_id` (String) The performance_policy_id of the volume.
- `protection_policy_id` (String) The protection_policy_id of the volume.
- `protection_policy_name` (String) The protection policy name of the volume.
- `sector_size` (Number) The sector size of the volume.
- `state` (String) The state of the volume.
- `type` (String) The type of the volume.
- `volume_group_id` (String) The volume group id of the volume.
- `volume_group_name` (String) The volume group name of the volume.
- `wwn` (String) The wwn of the volume.

### Read-Only

- `creation_timestamp` (String) The creation_timestamp of the volume.
- `id` (String) The ID of the volume.
