
# powerstore_volume (Resource)

Create and manage volumes

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Volume creation attributes
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **name** (String) Name of the volume. This value must contain 128 or fewer
  printable Unicode characters. This property supports case-insensitive filtering
  Maximal length : 128
- **size** (Number) Size of the volume in number. Minimum volume size is 1MB. Maximum volume size is 256TB. Size must be a multiple of 8192.
- **capacity_unit** : Capacity unit can be MB, GB or TB. Default unit is GB
- **host_id** (String) Unique identifier of the host to be attached to the volume. 
If not specified, an unmapped volume is created. Only one of host_id or host_group_id can be supplied.
- **host_group_id** (String) Unique identifier of the host group to be attached to the volume. 
If not specified, an unmapped volume is created. Only one of host_id or host_group_id can be supplied.
- **logical_unit_number** (Number) Optional logical unit number when creating an attached volume. 
If no host_id or host_group_id is specified, this property is ignored.
- **description** (String) Description of the volume. This value must contain 128 or
  fewer printable Unicode characters.
- **appliance_id** (String) Unique identifier of the appliance on which the volume is
provisioned
- **volume_group_id** (String) Volume group to add the volume to. If not specified, the volume is not added to a volume group.
- **min_size** (Number) Optional minimum size for the volume, in bytes.
- **sector_size** (Number) Optional sector size, in bytes. Only 512-byte and 4096-byte sectors are supported.
- **performance_policy_id** (String) Unique identifier of the performance policy assigned to the
  volume.
- **protection_policy_id** (String)
  Unique identifier of the protection policy assigned to the
  volume. Only applicable to primary and clone volumes.
- **app_type** (String) This attribute indicates the intended use of this volume.
- **app_type_other** (String) An optional field used to describe application type usage for a volume.
  This field can only be set if app_type is set to Relational_Databases_Other, Big_Data_Analytics_Other,
  Business_Applications_Other, Healthcare_Other, Virtualization_Other or Other.

## Other Volume attributes
- **state** (String) Volume life cycle states.
**Values are**: Ready, Initializing, Offline, Destroying
- **type** (String) Type of volume.
  Allowed Values: Primary, Clone, Snapshot
- **wwn** (String) World wide name of the volume
- **creation_timestamp** (String) Time when the volume was created
- **is_replication_destination** (Boolean) Indicates whether this volume is a replication destination.
A replication destination will be created by the system
when a replication session is created. When there is an
active replication session, all the user operations are
restricted including modification, deletion, host operation,
snapshot, clone, etc. After the replication session is deleted,
the replication destination volume will remain as it is until
the end user changes it to be a non-replication destination.
After the change, it becomes a primary volume. If the end
user keeps it as a replication destination, when the
replication session is recreated, the replication destination
volume could potentially be reused in the new session to
avoid a time-consuming full sync. This property is only
valid for primary and clone volumes.
Default : false
- **node_affinity** (String) Node affinity. Node which offers optimized IO for volume,
**values are:** System_Select_At_Attach, System_Selected_Node_A, System_Selected_Node_B,
Preferred_Node_A, Preferred_Node_B
- **nsid** (Number) NVMe Namespace unique identifier in the NVME subsystem. 
- **nguid** (String) NVMe Namespace globally unique identifier. Used for volumes attached to NVMEoF hosts.
- **logical_used** (Number) Current amount of data (in bytes) host has written to a volume without dedupe,
compression or sharing. This metric applies to primaries, snaps and clones. 
The value is null initially when a volume is created and is collected at 5 minute intervals.

